BUGS:

B09. Fix bug (this was from old graphic but could still be issue): If you click Player Wins when no cards have been played, there is a delay and then a change in the relevant player's pack.
B10. Fix bug: After a win, the 'cards in play' card list doesn't update until the next card is played.
B29. If you launch the card picker in the middle of a game, you sometimes get an error abhout the wrong num of cards when you click Save.
B30. If you click Stop when the cards-in-play pile is in the middle of transferring to a winning player, when you click Auto again, the cards stay in play. Maybe just finish off that move but with iPause set to 0?
B31. Index out of range error for the following game:
	P1: AAKKoooQQJJoooo... (rest = spuds)
	P2: AAKKQQJJoooo... (rest = spuds)
	31a. Also in that game, the winning player had less than 5 upside down cards at the end.
B32. Loops sometimes overlapping the edge of the circle.
B33. Loops getting smaller / larger rather than just progressively larger, when num of cards is progressively increasing. This might happen when the adjustment is made to avoid overlap at the edge of the square?
B34. The pause number is getting lost after card-picker does a save.
B36. Undo button not working for graphics. 
B27. CardPicker.CopyCards: Is it correct to create new Card objects here? What will happen re the memory management?
B28. Use Craig's better randomizer? (http://thargy.com/2012/04/generating-randomness/)
B29. Improve memory management, use of new, etc
B30. Fix the problem with an extra line appearing across the bottom of each arc. 
	I've traced this problem to the petal region, which is created in GraphicsTest::PrepareActualData.
	Presumably the problem is when innerPath and outerPath are created, 
	because the beginning or end of the arc doesn't coincide with the beginning/end of the neighbouring arm.
	Need to look at how arcs are created. Maybe reset starts/ends of arms to be equal to starts/ends of arcs?

FEATURES:

F04. Use bitlocking
F07. Give the ability to save and load games
F08a. Store automatically-defined statistics on games
F08b. Store CUSTOM-defined statistics on games
F12b. Find a way to have two separate users from a presentation 'audience' play against one another comfortably.
F13. Use storyboards
F15. Give visual feedback of what's happening during auto-play (eg how many cards played?)
F16. Give the ability to auto-play one card at a time
F17b. Allow multi-player auto-play.
F18. Allow user to configure the size of pack and number/type of face cards, using input fields
F19. Make it work on t'internet
F20. Allow user to change level of difficulty, eg number/type of face cards allowed in each hand
F21. Get card-picker working for multi-player and other user-configured pack sizes / types
F23. Store finished game as a multi-digit base 5 (or whatever) number
F24. Spot recurring patterns in games
F25. Get rid of dynamic lookups in ReloadGraphicColours - denormalise and store the colours in the cards themselves.
F26. Make the recalculation of graphic loops more efficient: only recalculate what needs to be recalculated. (eg check if angle has changed, and only reload region colours for added cards rather than all cards?)
F28. Card picker: As well as dragging/dropping, also allow a simple string to be entered for each player, 26 characters, same format as DisplayAsText. Some validation required, obv. Or could allow anything, to make game even more interesting??
F35. Create graphics-free text-only work-safe version.
F37. Find a way of checking for clumping?
F38. Save good game ideas for demo purposes:
	slow ones
	quick ones
	dramatic ones
	surprising ones
		The default!
		Player1: AAooooooooooooooooooJJQQKK
		Player2: AAooooooooooooooooooJJQQKK
	ones that create good patterns:
		Player1: AAAAoo...oooKKKK
		Player2: JJJJoo...oooQQQQ
F39. Give segments outlines
F40. Use a treelist view for the loading of decks?
F41. USe a better shuffling algorithm, eg (courtesy of MathsJam): Something like bubble sort? You keep shuffling subsets in reducing size, or something - is somehow recursive? Hmm, can't remember.







